[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, gau, gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, gau, gau ♪
♪ When it rains, gau, gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, gau, gau ♪
♪ You and I go gau, gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, gau, gau! ♪
BROKEN TEACHER
Good morning. Here's today's forecast.
The cat is cleaning its face,
so it'll likely rain.
[sparrows cawing]
The sparrows are chirping,
so it will be sunny today.
[panting]
Oh, no! I'm going to be late for school!
Oh! A Naoko sighting!
My lovely Naoko,
you are as beautiful as always.
I'm late so get out of my way!
Wait up, Naoko!
[grunts]
[groans[
-[body thud]
-[Bibilian screams]
Are you okay, Naoko? [yelps]
[roaring]
[screams]
[growling]
-[Babu Lisa] Good morning, Mr. R3, babu.
-Morning, Babu Lisa.
Hold on there.
What, babu?
Today is clothing inspection day.
Clothing inspection?
There is no school uniform,
so we can wear what we like.
What's going on?
There's a clothing inspection.
What for?
We are instructing you
to dress appropriately as students.
I'm always wearing this outfit, babu.
Do you think a student
should be wearing baby clothes?
This is my style, babu!
I've always thought
you dressed weird, too.
You're one to talk, babu!
Yes, KinPika.
I must say your attire
is also questionable.
I look quite dapper.
Is a crown necessary on a student?
And that cape is so not cool.
Don't nitpick my fashion choices!
Good Halley!
Ruff, ruff, mornin'!
Mor-ninja!
Shouldn't you lecture them, too?
A ninja and a dog costume, babu.
And Halley isn't even wearing
anything at all!
Mmm... Education is a difficult thing...
Good morning.
Ah, Mr. Keisuke Saito is dressed decently.
What are you talking about?
We're talking about how KinPika
has no sense of fashion, babu.
No, that's not it!
[all] Huh?
-[stomps]
-An earthquake?
[roars]
Wah! [screams]
Wait! Everyone stay calm!
-[roars]
-[glass shatters]
Mr. R3. Mr. R3!
What happened?
Gauko stepped on Mr. R3.
Gauko did this?
I wish I'd seen it.
[whimping] Mr. R3, wake up!
Oh, no. What have I done?
He's a robot, so it's okay, babu.
Probably ran out of battery again.
Here you go. I brought a new battery.
[grunts]
[all] Mmm!
He's moving!
-[screams]
-Babu!
What's going on?
He's like a creepy creature...
He's completely broken.
[yelps]
[screaming]
[Toshio] Halley Tomoyo, do something!
Oh, right!
[grunting]
-[all, exhales]
-[KinPika] That was scary.
I'm going to have nightmares.
What should we do about Mr. R3?
Dump him in the hills.
-Hm?
-What is it?
There's something written here.
"If broken, please call."
IF BROKEN, PLEASE CALL THE NUMBER BELOW.
I'll make the call.
[beeps]
[phone line ringing]
Hello?
[man from phone]
This is Hiraga Electronics.
Um, our teacher Mr. R3 stopped working.
What?
We opened the panel on his back
and found this number.
Er... I'm afraid I don't know
how to help you.
Wait, is this Toshio by chance?
Huh? Naoko, is that you?
This is my grandpa's store.
Oh, I see! Where is your grandpa?
[toilet gurgles]
Hey!
This isn't a playground for kids!
Hey, Grandpa. They're not playing.
They need something repaired.
Mr. R3 stopped working.
Hmm...
I see.
Can this old man fix him?
At this small town electronics store?
I don't think so.
How dare you!
Oh, you heard us?
I am the one who created R3.
What!
You did, Mr. Grandpa?
You made this robot?
That's right!
Seriously?
Behold, I am a direct descendant
of the Gennai Hiraga.
I am the genius robotics engineer
Gengoro Hiraga!
A man who calls himself a genius, babu?
Then you can fix our teacher?
Easily.
Thank goodness!
Look for parts we might be able to use.
Grandpa, how's this?
No, I can't use that.
How about this?
Nope, nope.
What about this?
That's a good one.
Okay, all done!
Hooray! Mr. R3 is fixed, right?
[Grandpa] Press that button.
If I press this, Mr. R3 will move?
-No...
-[beeps]
[bleeping]
[clacks]
[Grandpa] It makes coffee.
[all] Wow!
Just fixing him is too boring.
I might as well add some new functions.
So now, there's a coffee maker
on the inside.
Mmm!
Oh, it smells like a New York morning...
Ow, hot, hot, hot!
Can you get him
to make shaved ice, too, babu?
A vacuum cleaner would be helpful.
Let's also add an air purifier.
Wouldn't it be cool
to have tires instead of legs?
Leave it to me!
Um, Mr. Grandpa,
please don't treat Mr. R3 like a toy.
[bell chiming a melody]
Hey, Ninja-Kun, can you do ninja tricks?
Yes, I can.
Do something for me!
Okay, Ninja-Kun Switch!
[howls]
-Wow, I'm a ninja!
-Woof, woof!
Mr. R3 still isn't here.
I wonder if he's not fixed yet...
-[engine revving]
-Huh?
Everyone, g-- good, g-- good...
[gibberish]
[student] Mr. R3 is so cool!
M-- Mr. R3...
What do you think? I turned him
into a new model, the Super R3.
[students exclaiming]
That's not good. The connections seem
to have gone haywire.
Please stop Mr. R3!
It's okay.
I installed a self-destruction device
in case this happened.
[explosion]
Mr. R3...
I have his memory backed up!
♪ Gau, gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, gau, gau ♪